I want to specify the functional correctness of snapshot restoration in:

LoadedVm::restore_snapshot_state(
    &mut self,
    saved_state: SavedState,
    restore_time: Option<(Duration, u64, Option<u64>)>,
) -> anyhow::Result<()>

This function is the only TOP. Its pre-state is a destination LoadedVm whose
snapshot memory and approved resources are already installed and whose VPs are
already instantiated.

Every View the success property constrains must have a fixed meaning taken from
real data, so that no later proof definition can make it vacuous. Use the
decoded SavedState (ordered state-unit inventory plus one opaque saved-state
blob per stateful unit) as the snapshot View, for both the restore input and
the live VM. Anchor the live VM's View with a contract on LoadedVm::save: the
snapshot View of a LoadedVm is exactly what save returns. Which component
fields are snapshot state is then decided by what each component's save
serializes, not by a hand-written split. Do not model host tasks, sockets,
signaling objects, wakers, or transient host queues.

On success:

- the snapshot was acceptable: unique registered unit names and a matching
  (or legacy empty) inventory;
- the snapshot state of the final VM equals the initial snapshot state with
  the saved units overlaid, unsaved units unchanged, the inventory unchanged,
  and, with a downtime adjustment, every unit compensated by its own time
  advance;
- the VM is marked restored, holds the restore stop guard, and is not running.

Do not state destination-frame preservation (RAM, resources, compatibility,
component configuration) until each has its own anchoring observation.

Express the specification vocabulary as methods on the Views rather than
free functions, and define the restore result once.

Do not specify or prove snapshot opening, prepare_snapshot_restore_for_config,
protobuf decoding, destination construction, caller failure publication,
resume, deferred-state activation, or readiness publication as part of this
TOP. Record them only as separate upstream or downstream obligations.
